[links]
# file -> link location
# file is relative to the dotfiles directory
# link location is relative to $HOME

# scripts
scripts/exit						.local/bin/scripts/exit
scripts/load-workspace	.local/bin/scripts/load-workspace
scripts/=               .local/bin/scripts/= 
scripts/loopback        .local/bin/scripts/loopback
scripts/cast-app        .local/bin/scripts/cast-app
scripts/audioctl        .local/bin/scripts/audioctl
scripts/autoclicker     .local/bin/scripts/autoclicker
scripts/battery         .local/bin/scripts/battery
scripts/binge           .local/bin/scripts/binge
scripts/bluetooth       .local/bin/scripts/bluetooth
scripts/brightnessctl   .local/bin/scripts/brightnessctl
scripts/emoji           .local/bin/scripts/emoji
scripts/generate        .local/bin/scripts/generate
scripts/music           .local/bin/scripts/music
scripts/pick-color      .local/bin/scripts/pick-color
scripts/powermenu       .local/bin/scripts/powermenu
scripts/reload          .local/bin/scripts/reload
scripts/run             .local/bin/scripts/run
scripts/screenshot      .local/bin/scripts/screenshot
scripts/start-eww       .local/bin/scripts/start-eww
scripts/start-xob       .local/bin/scripts/start-xob
scripts/transadd        .local/bin/scripts/transadd
scripts/transmission    .local/bin/scripts/transmission
scripts/usedCpu         .local/bin/scripts/usedCpu
scripts/usedRam         .local/bin/scripts/usedRam
scripts/volume          .local/bin/scripts/volume
scripts/wallpaper       .local/bin/scripts/wallpaper
scripts/weather         .local/bin/scripts/weather
scripts/webcam          .local/bin/scripts/webcam
scripts/wifi            .local/bin/scripts/wifi

# application data
data/applications          .local/share/applications
data/emoji                 .local/share/emoji
data/snippets              .local/share/snippets

# configs
config/autorandr                  .config/autorandr
config/dunst                      .config/dunst
config/eww                        .config/eww
config/fontconfig                 .config/fontconfig
config/i3                         .config/i3
config/mpd                        .config/mpd
config/nvim                       .config/nvim
config/picom                      .config/picom
config/ranger                     .config/ranger
config/rofi                       .config/rofi
config/systemd                    .config/systemd
config/vue                        .config/vue
config/wal                        .config/wal
config/X11                        .config/X11
config/xob                        .config/xob
config/mimeapps.list              .config/mimeapps.list
config/user-dirs.dirs             .config/user-dirs.dirs
config/xdg_cleanup                .config/xdg_cleanup
config/youtube-dl.conf            .config/youtube-dl.conf

# home root configs
config/.bash_aliases                      .bash_aliases
config/.bash_logout                       .bash_logout
config/.bash_profile                      .bash_profile
config/.bashrc                            .bashrc
config/.gitconfig                         .gitconfig
config/.inputrc                           .inputrc
config/.xinitrc                           .xinitrc

[packages]
throttled
gstreamer
ranger
eid-mw
maim
neovim
firefox
thunderbird
mpv
mpd
mpc
code
dunst
libnotify
xterm
i3-gaps
htop
pipewire-pulse
transmission-cli
autorandr
xorg-xev
gucharmap
python-pywal

[aur]
https://aur.archlinux.org/colorpiiicker.git
#https://aur.archlinux.org/wool.git
#https://aur.archlinux.org/xob.git
#https://aur.archlinux.org/batify.git
#https://aur.archlinux.org/blight.git
#https://aur.archlinux.org/colorpicker.git
#https://aur.archlinux.org/libxft-bgra.git
#https://aur.archlinux.org/mpdris2.git
#https://aur.archlinux.org/ytmdl.git
#https://aur.archlinux.org/xcursor-breeze.git
#https://aur.archlinux.org/toilet.git
#https://aur.archlinux.org/pulseaudio-modules-bt.git
#https://aur.archlinux.org/rxvt-unicode-truecolor-wide-glyphs.git

[services]

[udev]

